
MAINTAINING GARDEN (100 Marks)
In today's life pollution is increasing so much in our country that it s effecting our health and various health related diseases started occurring among people.
 It is affecting so much in our life that people are dying also. After seeing so much severe pollution level, head of NGT Sashi kant,
 decides to build a big garden and plant so many trees in garden to create awareness and reducing the pollution level of air.
 A big rectangular garden is built in the main central road of Connaught Place in which various trees are grown. Each tree is protected by a circular tree
 protector which is in circular form. 

Sashi wanted proper main maintenance of each tree so he decides to break the garden into smaller square shaped blocks.
By this method gardener can reach out to each tree and watering of trees becomes easy also. The blocks are aligned with the edges of the garden,
and they are arranged in N rows and M columns, for a total of N*M blocks. Each block has one or more tree in it, or no tree lie between or across blocks.

                                                                                       

Initially, the garden is one single, monolithic block. Gardener needs to partition it into smaller and smaller blocks until finally he has partition the
garden down to its N*M individual blocks. As Sashi is very busy, he needs the help of his gardener, to do the partitioning. Gardener only makes straight line,
end-to-end partition and he wants to be paid for every single partition that he makes. Sashi has no money at hand, but he has plenty of tree left over,
so he offers to pay gardener in silver coins which he got in exchange of trees. Gardener agrees to this arrangement, but under a condition:
every time he makes partition a given block of garden into two smaller blocks, he has to be paid as many silver coins as there were trees on the block
before partition that he was given.

Sashi wants to pay gardener as little as possible. He knows how many trees there are on each of the N*M blocks. He can choose the order in which he gives
gardener any remaining blocks, and he can also tell gardener what partition to make (horizontal or vertical) and where exactly to make them.
You need to suggest Sashi decide how to partition the garden into individual blocks, so that he pays gardener as few silver coins as possible.

Input Format
Input 1: It will be an integer which tells the total number of rows N. where 1 <= N <= 50
Input 2: It will be an integer which tells the total number of columns M. where 1 <= M <= 50
Input 3: It will be the integer 2D array where:
First line tells the total number of rows N
Second line tells the total number of columns M
The next N lines describe how many trees there are on each block of the garden. The kth of these N lines describes the kth row of the garden.
Each such line contains M integers. The integers describe the blocks on the corresponding row in order from left to right.
The pth integer on the kth line (among these N lines) tells you how many trees are on the block in the kth row and the pth column.

Constraints
1 <= N <= 50
1 <= M <= 50

Output Format
It will be an integer which tells the minimum possible number of silver coins that Sashi would have to pay garden

Sample TestCase 1
Input
2
3
2
3
2 7 5
1 9 5

Output
77

Explanation

The first partition that Sashi asks gardener to make separates the third column from the rest of the garden. Sashi needs to pay gardener 29 silver for this.
.i.e. sum of (2+7+1+9) and (5+5). Then Sashi gives gardener the smaller of the two blocks: the one that has two pieces with 5 trees each,
and asks gardener to partition the block in two in exchange for 10 silver coins. After this, Sashi gives gardener the largest remaining block:
the one having blocks with 2,7,1 and 9 trees respectively. Sashi asks gardener to partition it horizontally, separating the first and the second row and
pays him 19 silver coins. Following this, Sashi gives gardener the top-left block, paying 9 silver coins. Finally, Sashi asks gardener to split the
bottom-left block, paying 10 silver coins. The total silver coins that Sashi has to pay is 29 + 10 + 19 + 9 + 10 = 77. No other partitioning arrangement
can get the garden divide into its 6 blocks at a smaller cost.


    static int divisioncost(int input1,int input2,int[][] input3)
    {
        //Write code here
    }

